I found this project to be especially difficult. The battle was trying to get the large amount of data into a nice looking set of graphs and identifying significance.
On top of not knowing how to properly work with the libraries I was using I still don't feel like I'm very competent with Python and that hurdle was still hard to get 
around. Jupyter was pretty interesting to work with and overall I did enjoy this project and the results that I was able to place into the graphs. The one part of this project
that made me want to give up the most was the regression part. Although I asked many questions about it I still felt like I didn't understand how I was supposed to format the
data in a way that allowed me to use the regression thing on it. My closest attempt was that I was able to get a chart of all the creatures in columns/row headers, but that
was just wrong altogether. That can also segway into how the significance part of this project was the hardest to understand. When I try to think back to my stats class
years and years ago the whole idea of this was difficult to comprehend.

If I had to give any advice to future students or even a past Mikey, I would say do more research on how to work with these libraries. Find a video that goes over how to do it
and maybe pick something similar to what they are doing that way you can follow along and probably understand what you are doing a little better. I feel like I may
have been a little foolish in going with the first thought that came up in my mind without really grasping how difficult this was going to be. If I had to make a suggestion
for how to improve this assignment in the future I would say that maybe have specific examples for each part of this assignment. Maybe an example of what it is going
to look like. I know we worked together on this in class, but outside of class I felt kind of lost and when I would search for the thing I was looking for I would end
up with an endless amount of information that usually didn't hit the mark. I probably just need to understand how to ask my questions.
